>> On "Journeys Into the Soul."
>> You can build a bridge
between the two worlds.
You don't have to choose
between either a spiritual being
or being just a physical being.
>> This week on Gaia.
>> I have this sensation that I
have to do things that are not
ordinary to me anymore.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightening Talks."
>> What if we could tap into
this source energy in a way
where we can uplift our own
consciousness on a constant
basis.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> But I feel like our
consciousness is evolving,
as many people are awakening,
and we are embodying fifth
dimensional consciousness.
>> On "Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> Astral travel is a
made up term for accessing
your dimensional spaces because
once you leave the body,
you will access your field,
your dimensional space.
>> Only on Gaia.